Ticketing and Admission Policy
1.	Please read the below terms and conditions on ticketing and admission applicable to The HKU CS Cinema. By purchasing a ticket and/or entering the Cinema premises, you agree to be bound by this Ticketing and Admission Policy including any changes which may be made to the same without further notice. If The HKU CS  considers or suspects that you have violated or are about to violate any terms and conditions of this Ticketing and Admission Policy (including any changes made thereto), The HKU CS has the right to refuse selling tickets to you and/or refuse your admission to or request you to leave the Cinema premises as appropriate.
2.	Tickets sold through any channel are non-refundable, non-exchangeable and cannot be re-sold.
3.	Please check the transaction amount before leaving the counters. The HKU CS will not entertain any disputes afterwards.
4.	Please present valid proof of age when purchasing Children or Senior tickets at box office and before entering the cinema house.
5.	Please present valid proof of studentship when purchasing Student tickets and before entering the cinema house *.
6.	Children tickets apply for children aged 11 or below; Senior tickets apply for people aged 65 or above; Student tickets apply for full-time students.
7.	Each ticket admits one person only. Children over 1 meter tall must hold valid tickets.
8.	You are required to present valid proof of age* before admission to category III movies, otherwise The HKU CS reserves the right to refuse your admission without any compensation.
9.	The HKU CS remains open during Typhoon Signal No. 8 or above and Black Rainstorm Warning. If you cannot attend the show by reason of such typhoon signal or rainstorm warning, please bring your tickets or the credit card being used to buy the tickets to The HKU CS box office for exchanging tickets of the same movie (subject to availability) within 7 days after the date of your movie. No refund is accepted. The HKU CS reserves right to exchange tickets of another movie. This arrangement is not applicable to house booking, private event and bulk purchase.
10.	Please do not behave in a manner that adversely impacts the reputation of The HKU CS or the enjoyment of other guests.
11.	You may bring your own 3D glasses for 3D movies. Alternatively, you can purchase 3D glasses at The HKU CS box office.
12.	No outside food and drinks are allowed in the Cinema houses.
13.	You may be required to present proof of age when purchasing alcoholic beverages*. The HKU CS will refuse to serve alcoholic beverages to any person who are underage or cannot produce, upon request, proof of age and/or appear to be intoxicated or under the influence of mind-altering substance.
14.	Unauthorised photo-taking, audio and/or video recording is strictly forbidden inside the cinema auditoriums. The HKU CS reserves the rights to hand-over persons suspected of undertaking the above-mentioned unauthorised activities to law-enforcement officials. Any unauthorised recordings, tapes, films and/or similar items may be confiscated and destroyed.
15.	Pets are not allowed in any part of the Cinema houses.
16.	The use of light emitting or ringing device (including but not limited to mobile phones, tablets and laptops) is prohibited during screening.
17.	Please be responsible for your own personal property. The HKU CS will not be responsible for any damaged, lost or stolen personal items that are brought into the Cinema premises.
18.	Smoking (including the use of electronic cigarettes or any other artificial cigarettes or smoking devices) within the Cinema premises is strictly prohibited.
19.	All audiences should be seated during the screenings.
20.	The HKU CS is not responsible for any information displayed or disseminated by any third party or for the content of any movie or advertisement that are shown on the premises.
21.	This Ticketing and Admission Policy is subject to change without prior notice.
22.	In case of any discrepancy between the English and Chinese versions of this Ticketing and Admission Policy, the English version will prevail.
23.	The HKU CS reserves the right of final decision and interpretation in the case of any dispute.
24.	Proof of age includes Hong Kong Identity Card, Senior Citizen Card, Mainland Travel Permit for Hong Kong and Macau Residents and Passport. Proof of studentship includes full time student ID Card (excluding Lifelong Learner Card and Student Octopus Card).
